# IDAssignment
Personal Portfolio using HTML and CSS

In this Interactive Development Assignment, I will be creating a website for my Personala Portfolio. Being a Personal Portfolio, I will include details about myself, eg. What I like to do in my spare time, What type of a person I am, etc. The website will consist of a header to introduce myself, a section that talks more about myself, a section that goes into detail about my education and work experience, a section that talks about my skills and languages, a section that talks about the projects I have done and finally, a footer to end off the website that will contain my contact information.

I imagine that the audience of this website are employers that are looking to hire skilled workers for their company. The website will be designed to show off the positive traits of myself and make it seem like I am the perfect candidate to be hired by the employers.

I will be making the website in a easy to follow format, with the sections being stacked on top of each other in a column. I will also make a navigation bar at the top of the site for users to navigate through the different parts and pages of the website. Alongside this I will also include buttons in some of the various sections that will lead to other pages that will cover the content mention in-depth. The most important feature that I will be including in this website is it's responsiveness. I will make it so that users on different devices will have no problem navigating through the website.